I feel numb after eating the chives
Even suffocate to death
You are my sister
How could you not know about this?
That's right. That's right.
My first day home five years ago.
Just for stealing
Kicked out of the house
I can understand that you don't know about it.
Sorry, sister, I don't know.
Sister, there will be no next time.
You're just looking at me.
When useful
Will be nice to me
Are you all confused?
When is it true to me?
When are you lying to me?
Aren't you tired?
Xiao Tan, I know
We were biased before and made you suffer a lot.
But we won't be like this anymore
You don't want to be like this, okay?
I don't care about you anymore
These dumplings
You'd better take it back to your good brother.
In this way, your little master will definitely like it very much.
Sorry side dish
This time it's my life
In fact, I came here today to beg you
It's called the Jiang family
Hahahaha
Look what I said
If I'm not useful
How could it be nice to me and give me money?